README.md, before:

# Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View | Auto-Reconnect for Ring Cameras

> 🎥 Never miss a moment with your Ring cameras! This browser extension automatically fixes Ring Live View disconnections, ensuring continuous monitoring of your Ring doorbell cameras and security cameras.

[![Build Status](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/actions)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
[![Code Size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)
[![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)
[![Open Source](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-brightgreen)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)

[![Chrome Users](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh?label=chrome%20users)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh?label=chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)
[![Chrome Web Store Rating](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)


[![Firefox Users](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/ring-stay-connected?label=firefox%20users)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)
[![Firefox Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/v/ring-stay-connected?label=firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)
[![Firefox Add-on Rating](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/ring-stay-connected)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)

## 🌟 Key Features

- ✨ **Auto-Reconnect**: Instantly restores Ring camera live view when disconnected
- 🔒 **Privacy First**: No data collection, works 100% locally
- 🌍 **Multilingual**: Supports reconnection in multiple languages including English, German, Spanish and more
- 🚀 **Zero Configuration**: Works immediately after installation
- 🎯 **Lightweight**: Minimal system resource usage
- 🌐 **Browser Support**: Works on both Chrome and Firefox
- 💫 **Visual Feedback**: Subtle notification when reconnecting
- ⚡ **Fast Loading**: Optimized for quick response
- 🛡️ **Secure**: No special permissions required

## ⚠️ Important Battery & Security Notice

### 🔋 Battery Warning
Using this extension with battery-powered Ring devices (like Battery Doorbell or Battery Spotlight Cam) can:
- Significantly increase battery drain due to continuous live view
- Cause batteries to heat up during extended viewing periods
- Potentially reduce battery lifespan with heavy usage
- Lead to more frequent recharging requirements

Consider using this extension sparingly with battery-powered devices to preserve battery health.

### 🛡️ Security Information
This extension:
- Does NOT request or handle any Ring credentials
- Does NOT have access to your Ring security system or arm/disarm features
- Can ONLY see and interact with the live view page
- Uses NO special browser permissions
- Runs ONLY on account.ring.com after you're already logged in
- Is completely open source for security verification

## 🎯 Compatibility

### Supported Ring Devices
- Ring Video Doorbell (all models)* 
- Ring Security Cameras*
- Ring Stick Up Cam*
- Ring Spotlight Cam*
- Ring Floodlight Cam
- Ring Indoor Cam
- Ring Elite

*Note: Battery-powered versions of these devices will experience faster battery drain when using live view for extended periods.

### Supported Browsers
- Google Chrome (latest)
- Mozilla Firefox (v58.0+)
- Chrome-based browsers (Edge, Brave, etc.)

## 🔍 How It Works

The extension automatically:
1. 👀 Monitors your Ring camera live view
2. 🔄 Detects disconnection events
3. 🖱️ Clicks the reconnect button instantly
4. ✅ Maintains continuous camera feed

You'll know it's working when:
- A subtle blue rotating ring appears near the close button during reconnection
- Your live view stays connected without manual intervention
- Debug logs appear in the console (if enabled)

## 📥 Quick Install

### Chrome Users
1. Visit [Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View on Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)
2. Click "Add to Chrome"
3. Start watching your Ring cameras worry-free!

### Firefox Users
1. Visit [Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View on Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)
2. Click "Add to Firefox"
3. Enjoy uninterrupted Ring camera viewing!

## 🔐 Privacy & Security

We take your privacy seriously:
- ✅ No data collection or storage
- ✅ No tracking or analytics
- ✅ Works entirely in your browser
- ✅ No external communications
- ✅ No special permissions needed
- ✅ Only runs on account.ring.com

## 🤝 Support & Community

### Troubleshooting
If the extension isn't working:
1. Make sure you're on https://account.ring.com
2. Check that the extension is enabled in your browser
3. Try refreshing the page
4. Ensure you're using a supported browser version

### Get Help
- 🐛 [Report Issues](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
- 💡 [Suggest Features](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
- 👥 [Contribute Code](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/pulls)

## 🔧 Technical Details

### Available Scripts
- `npm run build` - Build both Chrome and Firefox extensions
- `npm run build:chrome` - Build Chrome extension only
- `npm run build:firefox` - Build Firefox extension only
- `npm run dev` - Build and run Firefox extension for development
- `npm run lint` - Lint the extension code
- `npm run clean` - Clean build artifacts
- `npm run validate` - Validate extension files
- `npm run icons` - Generate extension icons

### File Structure
```
├── src/
│   ├── shared/           # Shared code between browsers
│   │   ├── content.js    # Main extension logic
│   │   └── icons/       # Source SVG icons
│   ├── chrome/          # Chrome-specific files
│   │   └── manifest.json
│   └── firefox/         # Firefox-specific files
│       └── manifest.json
├── scripts/             # Build and utility scripts
├── dist/               # Build output (generated)
└── screenshots/        # Store screenshots
```

## Privacy & Terms

This extension is designed with privacy as a core principle:
- No data collection or storage
- No tracking or analytics
- Works entirely locally in your browser
- No external communications
- No special permissions required
- Only runs on account.ring.com

By installing and using this extension, you agree to our:
- [Privacy Policy and Terms of Use](privacy-policy.md)
- [MIT License](LICENSE)

This extension is not affiliated with or endorsed by Ring/Amazon.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions:
1. Check the [Known Issues](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
2. Create a new issue if your problem isn't already listed
3. Include debug logs if possible

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

### Development Setup
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch for your feature
3. Make your changes
4. Run `npm run validate` to ensure everything works
5. Submit a pull request

Please ensure your code follows the existing style and includes appropriate comments.

## Changelog

### Version 1.1.3 (2025-03-25)
- Renamed extension from "Ring Live View Reconnector" to "Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View" for better clarity and SEO

### Version 1.1.2 (2025-03-20)
- Added multilingual support for the reconnect button
- Now supports German, Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch and several other languages
- Improved button detection for non-English Ring interfaces
- Enhanced logging to show which language was detected

### Version 1.1.1 (2025-02-21)
- Removed unnecessary activeTab permission for better privacy
- Updated documentation to reflect permission changes
- Improved security by using minimal required permissions

### Version 1.1.0 (2025-02-18)
- Added Firefox support (minimum version 58.0)
- Improved initialization process for faster loading
- Enhanced build system with better validation
- Added automated GitHub Actions workflow
- Improved error handling and logging

### Version 1.0.0 (2025-02-17)
- Initial release
- Automatic reconnection functionality
- Privacy-focused implementation
- Chrome support

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to all the Ring camera users who inspired this solution
- Contributors who help improve this extension
- Ring for their camera system (though this is an unofficial extension)

Commit message:

Add Buy Me A Coffee support buttons to README

README.md, after:

# Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View | Auto-Reconnect for Ring Cameras

> 🎥 Never miss a moment with your Ring cameras! This browser extension automatically fixes Ring Live View disconnections, ensuring continuous monitoring of your Ring doorbell cameras and security cameras.

[![Build Status](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/actions)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
[![Code Size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)
[![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)
[![Open Source](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-brightgreen)](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector)

[![Chrome Users](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh?label=chrome%20users)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh?label=chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)
[![Chrome Web Store Rating](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)


[![Firefox Users](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/ring-stay-connected?label=firefox%20users)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)
[![Firefox Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/v/ring-stay-connected?label=firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)
[![Firefox Add-on Rating](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/ring-stay-connected)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)

## Support This Project

If you find this extension helpful, consider buying me a coffee! Your support helps maintain and improve this project.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/lukedev" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

## 🌟 Key Features

- ✨ **Auto-Reconnect**: Instantly restores Ring camera live view when disconnected
- 🔒 **Privacy First**: No data collection, works 100% locally
- 🌍 **Multilingual**: Supports reconnection in multiple languages including English, German, Spanish and more
- 🚀 **Zero Configuration**: Works immediately after installation
- 🎯 **Lightweight**: Minimal system resource usage
- 🌐 **Browser Support**: Works on both Chrome and Firefox
- 💫 **Visual Feedback**: Subtle notification when reconnecting
- ⚡ **Fast Loading**: Optimized for quick response
- 🛡️ **Secure**: No special permissions required

## ⚠️ Important Battery & Security Notice

### 🔋 Battery Warning
Using this extension with battery-powered Ring devices (like Battery Doorbell or Battery Spotlight Cam) can:
- Significantly increase battery drain due to continuous live view
- Cause batteries to heat up during extended viewing periods
- Potentially reduce battery lifespan with heavy usage
- Lead to more frequent recharging requirements

Consider using this extension sparingly with battery-powered devices to preserve battery health.

### 🛡️ Security Information
This extension:
- Does NOT request or handle any Ring credentials
- Does NOT have access to your Ring security system or arm/disarm features
- Can ONLY see and interact with the live view page
- Uses NO special browser permissions
- Runs ONLY on account.ring.com after you're already logged in
- Is completely open source for security verification

## 🎯 Compatibility

### Supported Ring Devices
- Ring Video Doorbell (all models)* 
- Ring Security Cameras*
- Ring Stick Up Cam*
- Ring Spotlight Cam*
- Ring Floodlight Cam
- Ring Indoor Cam
- Ring Elite

*Note: Battery-powered versions of these devices will experience faster battery drain when using live view for extended periods.

### Supported Browsers
- Google Chrome (latest)
- Mozilla Firefox (v58.0+)
- Chrome-based browsers (Edge, Brave, etc.)

## 🔍 How It Works

The extension automatically:
1. 👀 Monitors your Ring camera live view
2. 🔄 Detects disconnection events
3. 🖱️ Clicks the reconnect button instantly
4. ✅ Maintains continuous camera feed

You'll know it's working when:
- A subtle blue rotating ring appears near the close button during reconnection
- Your live view stays connected without manual intervention
- Debug logs appear in the console (if enabled)

## 📥 Quick Install

### Chrome Users
1. Visit [Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View on Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chiphiennfhnjnhnmjgmfgkilegpdpkh)
2. Click "Add to Chrome"
3. Start watching your Ring cameras worry-free!

### Firefox Users
1. Visit [Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View on Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ring-stay-connected/)
2. Click "Add to Firefox"
3. Enjoy uninterrupted Ring camera viewing!

## 🔐 Privacy & Security

We take your privacy seriously:
- ✅ No data collection or storage
- ✅ No tracking or analytics
- ✅ Works entirely in your browser
- ✅ No external communications
- ✅ No special permissions needed
- ✅ Only runs on account.ring.com

## 🤝 Support & Community

### Troubleshooting
If the extension isn't working:
1. Make sure you're on https://account.ring.com
2. Check that the extension is enabled in your browser
3. Try refreshing the page
4. Ensure you're using a supported browser version

### Get Help
- 🐛 [Report Issues](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
- 💡 [Suggest Features](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
- 👥 [Contribute Code](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/pulls)

## 🔧 Technical Details

### Available Scripts
- `npm run build` - Build both Chrome and Firefox extensions
- `npm run build:chrome` - Build Chrome extension only
- `npm run build:firefox` - Build Firefox extension only
- `npm run dev` - Build and run Firefox extension for development
- `npm run lint` - Lint the extension code
- `npm run clean` - Clean build artifacts
- `npm run validate` - Validate extension files
- `npm run icons` - Generate extension icons

### File Structure
```
├── src/
│   ├── shared/           # Shared code between browsers
│   │   ├── content.js    # Main extension logic
│   │   └── icons/       # Source SVG icons
│   ├── chrome/          # Chrome-specific files
│   │   └── manifest.json
│   └── firefox/         # Firefox-specific files
│       └── manifest.json
├── scripts/             # Build and utility scripts
├── dist/               # Build output (generated)
└── screenshots/        # Store screenshots
```

## Privacy & Terms

This extension is designed with privacy as a core principle:
- No data collection or storage
- No tracking or analytics
- Works entirely locally in your browser
- No external communications
- No special permissions required
- Only runs on account.ring.com

By installing and using this extension, you agree to our:
- [Privacy Policy and Terms of Use](privacy-policy.md)
- [MIT License](LICENSE)

This extension is not affiliated with or endorsed by Ring/Amazon.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions:
1. Check the [Known Issues](https://github.com/HairyDuck/ring-live-view-reconnector/issues)
2. Create a new issue if your problem isn't already listed
3. Include debug logs if possible

### Support This Project

If you find this extension useful and would like to show your appreciation:

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/lukedev" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

Your support helps maintain and improve this free, open-source extension!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

### Development Setup
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch for your feature
3. Make your changes
4. Run `npm run validate` to ensure everything works
5. Submit a pull request

Please ensure your code follows the existing style and includes appropriate comments.

## Changelog

### Version 1.1.3 (2025-03-25)
- Renamed extension from "Ring Live View Reconnector" to "Ring.com Stay Connected - Live View" for better clarity and SEO

### Version 1.1.2 (2025-03-20)
- Added multilingual support for the reconnect button
- Now supports German, Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch and several other languages
- Improved button detection for non-English Ring interfaces
- Enhanced logging to show which language was detected

### Version 1.1.1 (2025-02-21)
- Removed unnecessary activeTab permission for better privacy
- Updated documentation to reflect permission changes
- Improved security by using minimal required permissions

### Version 1.1.0 (2025-02-18)
- Added Firefox support (minimum version 58.0)
- Improved initialization process for faster loading
- Enhanced build system with better validation
- Added automated GitHub Actions workflow
- Improved error handling and logging

### Version 1.0.0 (2025-02-17)
- Initial release
- Automatic reconnection functionality
- Privacy-focused implementation
- Chrome support

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to all the Ring camera users who inspired this solution
- Contributors who help improve this extension
- Ring for their camera system (though this is an unofficial extension)
